Add `cluster.name` and `node.name` attributes to Elasticsearch semantic conventions. (#285)
open-telemetry/semantic-conventions: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Add two additional attributes to Elasticsearch semantic conventions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `cluster_name` and `cluster_instance` attributes to Elasticsearch semantic conventions.
```

> - Add `cluster_name` and `cluster_instance` attributes to Elasticsearch semantic conventions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `cluster.name` and `cluster.instance` attributes to Elasticsearch semantic conventions.
```
